User's guide

Using a GUI - Updated 12/5/2017

1.) Run Main(), select Bank
    This will automatically launch your bank and start listening.
2.) Run Main(), select Auction Central
    This will automatically launch your Auction Central and start listening.

    
    
3.) Run Main(), select Auction House, enter name of your AH

    If the Auction Central is already launched and listening, then enter the IP
    of the Auction Central and click "Connect to AC". This will register your
    Auction House with Auction Central and give you a publicID for your AH.
    
4.) Run Main(), select Agent, enter name of your Agent

    If the Bank is already launched and listening, then enter the IP of the Bank
    and click "Connect to Bank". This will give you a new account with an
    account number, bankkey and starting balance.
    
    The intention is that you connect to the Bank first as you need your Bank Key
    to get a BiddingKey from Auction Central. If you don't do it in this order,
    your connection to Auction Central will be refused.
    
    If the Auction Central is already launched and listening, then enter the IP
    of the Auction Central and click "Connect to AC". This will give you a list
    of any items that have already been posted by Auction House's.
    
    Additionally, if both your Bank and AC are on localhost and launched, there
    is a convenient button called "Connect to localhost" that you can use instead
    and it will connect you to the AC and Bank at the same time.
    
    From here, you will now have some functionality available to you on the Agent
    GUI. You can enter an amount and select "Withdraw" to show the ability of
    withdraw'ing money from the Bank. You can select an item on the item list,
    enter an amount and then click "Place Bid". Currently "Place Bid" will not
    win you an item but will send a message to the Bank to place a hold on your
    account.

Feel free to do #3 and #4 in whatever order you'd like and as often as you'd like.
The program is designed to have as many Agent's and AHs as you want.


Using the Command Line - Updated 12/1/2017 (This was the last time it was seen working, behavior unknown)

1. First, you want to spin up a Bank and AuctionCentral.
    I prefer to put these both on the same command line using &

    Go into /out/production/PublicAuction (Or where ever your .class' are)
    
    Run:
    java Server Bank &
    java Server AC &

2. Now, if you want an AuctionHouse I recommend opening another shell
    
    Run:
    java Client AH AH1  (Note: AH1 designates a name, give it anything)

3. Now, if you want an Agent, I personally recommend using the GUI but
    you can use an agent on the shell also.
    
    Run:
    java Client Agent Agent1 (Note: Agent1 designates a name, give it anything)

    Keep in mind the Agent is very limited on the command line and was originally
    made strictly for debug'ing. This is still left in for "proof of concept".
    A proper Agent would be spun up from the Main GUI